So he and I will create our main class.
So it should minimize the circle.
It should extend the chief reinforced.
Under this I will initialize.
I will take a variable final in the offset.
Okay.
Just.
Off set, which be equal to the 13th.
Now we need a constructor of our class.
So here I will write public.
So Cuban under this.
I will write a matter initially which will be created.
We we will create this matter.
You're just initially right here and now in this matter, we will create our new board object.
I will write bold.
Bold.
Equal to.
New board.
Simply add that board here and make the title, which will be Our Superman.
I known.
Okay.
It's the lowercase b.
And now we have to set the size of our board.
Here I will write set size and.
We will ride board Dart.
We get bored of it.
Firstly the board vote and then plus the offset here comma, we need the board to get board height also
and just plus add up the two multiplied with the offset variable which is equal to 331.
And now we have to set the default close operation also.
So here I will write frame.
Dart accident clues
said the location relative to the output will come on the center of window on the screen.
So here I will pass the null value and now we have to create our main course.
Sorry, the main method here.
After this, I will write public static void main here.
Under this, I will write string areas.
Under this.
I will write, I invoke our event Q first.
And just take a later.
On the deaths now near the so-called grand scheme and object of our class here and done.
Now here I will take game, not set.
Visible with the true boolean value.
And so all this part has been done here.
So simply we will run our class first.
So just simply click on run as Java application and here we got our application.
So here you can see I'm a soccer player.
This is the string level which we have created here.
This baggage will be stored.
These are the baggage, these are the walls and these are the spaces and the selection for the changing
of rules of the ball.
So here when I click the upper key of my keyboard, it move upwards left key with left movement right
give the right moment and down key for the down movement here.
So it simply we have to check it this see here it is moving our object so.
You can see.
Okay.
So I have I'm stuck here.
So what?
We have created a key event with our press key, which will restart our window simply on pressing our
key on a restart.
Working here, you can see this.
It simply restart our game here and now what we can do is take this object and put it here.
And when you put all these objects on the location, it simply when we got our.
Here.
I will take this and just simply.
Okay.
Here.
I thought this bag.
Now what we have to do.
Do we have to push these bags to get it stuck?
So this is how we have done our game here and simply what we have done.
Firstly, we will start we have started with the ball here.
Here what in this class, what we have done.
The first thing we have take the volume is size 20 by 20.
This reflects the space constant here.
The offset is the distance between the borders of the window and the game world.
There will be the four types of collision.
Each one is represented by a numerical constraint.
The wall bags and the areas are special containers which hold all the ball bag and the area of the game.
This is the string level of over came the level of the game.
Except for this place.
There are five characters.
The hash stands for $1 represent the box dot characters represent the place where we must move the box.
The add character here is the one player.
And finally the new line character starts a new row of the world.
And here the initial world of matter initiated the game world.
It goes through the level string and fills the above mentioned list.
Next thing, which we have done here, the matter draws the game ball on the window.
We create a world list which includes all objects of the game.
Here we trade through the world container and draw the objects.
The player and the baggage images are a bit smaller.
So we add the two box, two boxes to their coordinates to center them.
So if the novel is completed here, we draw the completed in the upper left corner of the window, upper
left here.
So when you complete all all these boxes here, it will simply give the string value here and now we
have done with the key pressed matter.
We check that what keys were pressed.
We control the Superman object with the cursor keys.
If we press the left cursor key, we check the Superman collides with the wall or with a package.
If it does not remove the SO command to the left by the R key, we have restarted the level here and
now we have the trackball collision method which will ensure that the Superman or baggage do not pass
the ball.
There are four types of collision.
The above line check for the left collision here.
This one and the check back collision is a bit more involved here.
This matter is much more involved in our game because of baggage can collide with a wall or it or with
a common object or with another package.
The baggage can be moved only if it collides with the circle one and does not collide with another baggage
or a volume.
So when the baggage is moved here, it is time to check if the level is completed or not.
So by calling the complete matter, we are checking that if the level is completed or not and the next
thing here we have created our is completed marker to check the level is completed and we got the number
of bags here and we get the we have compared the X and Y coordinate of all bags and the destination
areas.
So the game is finished when the finished bags variable equals the number of bags in the game.
And if we do some bad move, we can restart the level, we delete all the objects from the list and
initiate the world again.
That is completed variable is set to the false here.
Next thing which we have is the actor dog drama class.
This class is the best class for other actors in the game.
It encapsulates the basic functionality of an object in the command game and here.
These matter.
Jacob, the actor, collided with another whole baggage.
Or this one next class, which we have, is the world of Java.
Inherited from the actor class, it loads a all image from the resources.
Other class which we have the clear class.
Here we have the matter which will move the object inside the world.
Next class, which we have, is the baggage class.
It is a class for the object.
For the baggage object.
The this object is movable.
So it has the movement method also.
And next class, which we have, is the area.
This it is the object on which we try to place.
The baggage is here.
Last one and the mean is our so one class.
This is our mean class which will on running give this output.
And here we can start and run our program and play the scheme here.